I heard that the Xu family has a few good things
Today I'm bound to win
Li Yi, don't rob me!
Miss Emperor, do you want to buy stocks at a low price today?
Of course I want to
It's better not to spend money
Why can't you help it?
Then don't shoot later.
Wait for the show
Li Ye
Don't be complacent.
Wait until our Xu family turns over
I'll make you beg me on your knees
Then you have to work hard.
Don't make me wait too long.
Welcome to the auction
Today we have a special auction.
All lots are provided by the Xu Group
This first lot
Guanyang Porcelain Bowl in Song Dynasty
Starting price 100,000
2,000 each time
Start bidding now 110,000 120,000
This is the drag of the Xu family's bed, right?
Obviously compassionate
He was too embarrassed to say that it was produced by the official kiln of the Song Dynasty
You fart
That's what my grandfather left behind
How could it be fake?